1. Inverse Reinforcement Learning is the problem and types of solutions concerned with learning a reward function given existing agents' behaviours. 
A reward function takes in a state action pair and outputs a reward. 

2. I am feeling the natural growing pains of realising/reaping the consequences of my erroneous ways.

3. It is possible to use a surrogate objective in preference learning to train a model that recognises expanded rewards of states, when the original problem has 
very sparse rewards. 

4. I am miserable when I feel trapped with my time, and incompetence. 

5. In a BLDC motor, a voltage signal is a differential signal to current. 

6. Research directions: 
a. use preference learning, labelled using a surrogate objective, to assign distributed reward on the frames of the training data. 
(An encoder compresses the scene into a latent vector; a decoder reconstructs the scene to compare with the orignal input, to verify that the compression into latent space 
captures all important aspects of the scene. (All? What if just the object locations are captured?))
Then train an optimal policy using that distributed reward function, perhaps using curriculum learning, to show any improvement over the single tasks. 
b. use a transformer to predict a reward. 
c. use a transformer to chain together hard coded low level skills. Probably not gonna happen. 

7. Michael Burke doesn't feel too constrained by roboic hardware; nor does he feel constrained by compute, because 
the amount and quality of data isn't there yet for such concerns to be relevant. 
What is hindering the collection of data? 

8. The robots are shit. There are many low hanging fruits. But because of that, the space is competitive. 
Almost anything you do could be a contribtion. 

9. Robotics industry is difficult. You either try to solve everything, or constrict your problem space until the customer set is so small. 
Until robots become general purpose, it is hard to make viable companies. 

10. Kubernetes is an orchestrator of containers. Jobs can be submitted to it, which can deploy containers on the machines - nodes - in a cluster.

11. There are almost no reasons to have a child. (Other than peer pressure, or FOMO, or guilt of not fulfilling an important function of humanity.)
Someone said that the main reason is to experience what loving feels like. (But what I am loving may not love me back?)

12. Turbulence vortices distribute energy from the large scale down to the small scale, in 3D. A single large vortex becomes a stack of smaller vortices, 
stacked along the rotation axis. Turbulence couples the largest scales down to the smallest scales. 

13. A millenium prize problem: Prove or provide a counter-example that the navier stokes equations have smooth and globally defined solutions
for all initial conditions. (pressure and velocity field.)