1. I am not good at being intentional with my time. 
I spent 4 hours browsing the Foundation novel series, 
knowing but ignoring that I need sleep and need to 
complete some tasks, such as recruit project PCB review, 
and project requirement writing. 

2. The decrease of reaction time between having 8 hours of sleep and 6 hours of sleep, 
is as much as having 4 standard drinks

3. Latent spaces are good for representation. 
They compress states from high dimensional low level information
to low dimensional high level entities that are place at appropriate relative
locations in the space, where rich relational information between states/concepts 
are encapsulated. 

4. Jet planes differ from propeller planes.
Propeller planes use the blade rotation to push on air directly for forward thrust. 
Jet planes use the blades only as air intake, but sprays jet fuel into that air and 
ignites it so that the air explodes and exit the back of the jet engines, 
pushing the plane forward. 

5. You can use a long elastic band attached to distant trees to accelerate hobby planes to 
a desired speed. 

6. When you attach two balloons to each other, each with a different size, 
air will flow from the smaller balloon into the bigger balloon.
Recall that it is difficult to blow into a balloon while it is small, 
and the task gets easier as the balloon becomes inflated. 
The thickness of balloon wall dictates the tenstion within, 
and the pressure it can withstand for the air inside. 
Air inside a small balloon necessarily has higher pressure than air inside a larger balloon. 
(When intuition says that more air in a container means higher pressure. Forgetting about the gas laws that it is not always the case.)
Hence air flows from the smaller balloon to the bigger one, with acceleration. 

7. Z-X cam is more advanced but uses GMSL, while Z-2 cam is less, but is USB based. 

8. Non-linearity. The transition from superimposing, overlapping ghostly processes into interacting processes. 
Where inter-process causality arises.  

9. Non-linear algebra framework as powerful and tractable as linear-algebra, possible? 

10. Half integer spin -> electrons wrapping around an orbit twice to meet itself. Significance? 

11. Dynamical Motion Primitives. A framework for defining low level motion primitives for action sequencing.

12. Permutation network + Sinkhorn (softmax for permutations) essentially performing self attention; Michael Burke has implemented a transformer.

13. There are two routes to do research. 
one - look at existing literature, apply idea to new domain, solve problems that arise, demonstrate novelty of the final solution. Nice little nugget.
two - start with a claim, then test. 